## A Journal of Programming Progress

I'm not really sure why I'm creating this repo. I guess I just thought it would be interesting to document my progress as I explore new languages or frameworks or tools or pretty much anything related to programming outside of my formal education. I'm not even really sure at the time of writing this what I'm going to put in this repo or whether I'll even actually use it or let it die like 75% of my spur of the moment ideas. 

You know how your mom would keep all of your work growing up? Like finger paintings, essays, book reports... stuff like that and it would all be shoved into the corner of your closet until you're moving out and you get hit with nostalgia sifting though it all as a grown up while your mom tears up about how fast the time has gone?  I guess that's kinda what this is, except it was acceptable back then to hand in shitty results and could be excused for being young and still learning. Now when I work my ass off (jk I'm lazy af) and get slapped with a bad grade or a rejected internship offer, it's no longer cute and more of "Damn this kid is dumb" or a "Maybe if you spent less time watching movies and playing basketball and more time on your projects, maybe you would actually have a legit internship".  

Considering that I'll be learning this stuff on the go, I imagine this is going to be filled with examples of errors, poor styling, inefficient code, and all other techniques for exposing my mediocrity as a coder (not that it's much of a secret). At best, this will serve as a great learning experience to reflect on my code and strive for improvement. At worst, a random repo that I leave empty after like 2 days. 

I guess we'll see.